Move and extend the writing style guide, reorder tabs in docs (#12147)
slint-ui/slint: docs/internal/writing-style-guide.md

   - Rationale: Callers shouldn't have to read the implementation, and implementation details in the comment go stale as the code evolves.

## Documentation, Blog, and Social

For the documentation website, blog posts, and social media we also aim to sound like a small, human company rather than a corporation:

1. Use contractions.
   - Avoid: "We are proud to announce ..."
   - Use: "We're proud to announce ..."
   - Rationale: Makes for a conversational, human tone.
2. Use Title Case for headings.
3. Use active voice for things *we* did.
   - Avoid: "The foo widget got revamped."
   - Use: "We revamped the foo widget."
   - Rationale: We're announcing the result of our work, not watching it from the audience.
4. Write from the user's perspective — emphasize the outcome they gain, not the product change.
   - Avoid: "Slint adds feature X."
   - Use: "Achieve Y with the new X feature in Slint."
   - Rationale: Users care how a feature helps them reach a goal, not just that it exists.

### Docs

- Make sure links resolve — don't point at blank or moved pages.

### Platform Tabs

> List the dev-platform tabs in this order:

Reviewer: What's this? :) Is this referring to how tab tags should be ordered in the astro docs? If yes, then I think it would make sense to clarify (for humans and agents :)

Author: This was in the previous style guide. I assume it refers to how `<Tabs syncKey="dev-language">` should be ordered in the astro docs.

Reviewer: Indeed, Nigel added it. Let me post a suggestion :)

> List the dev-platform tabs in this order:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Platform Order

In the Slint Language documentation, when using `<Tabs syncKey="dev-platform">` and `<Tab`> elements to describe platform specific aspects, preserve the following order of tabs:
```
